This is right now only two onions a value chingeo here
Doodle example penalized eyes
The decline has more flavor of oil. Very good.
This is it. Now you can go straight to the kimchi cask.
Well, why do not you know what's wrong? I know this season.
That's a bad channel.
Thus Chapter 2 cumulative wear broke melt Place 2 Place 3 yo up
You put it like this
You can do this by squaring it . Yada . When are you? Yeah.
Leave it or
It does not matter if you have three stores at once.
I bring up the bay deemed more saenggyeoya teuge Yongduri smoking spice bundle later
So sitting
You can pick it up with a sesame leaf .
It's much easier to do because it's not going to be me.
Then for no reason at all so very scented tossed reels to do spice
Intertwined won through earlier Cloudy
This is my dream now , I'm a beast and I'm dead and I'll be a little bulky.
It's morning. It 's going to breathe .
Some games like that are when I clean up.
So you hit two of them like this and the second coat sprouts .
It's easy to do this largely
This section also decorated it. So how
If you work, you'll get some tips.
Can not coming easy in fact not going to do from the beginning
What the hell are you doing now ?
Cause when media reports of grade 21
I am going to get some reds with the sanctuary and many fields that I learn and are busy with.
It's very easy to think.
Several seconds
give
Ever Barrier somewhat original
6 So now the volume is very high, perhaps over time, this is a breath
Family Americas goes down westerly
The thing is too easy too if it is
Ah
Ah ah ah ah
Now go down 4 Oh What about salty breath dies
So down between
Stay outside.
I put the guests, feel free to do so, more than half press ok simyeon
Said pre-sale to request a roll track yogeo fact so Qara Khitai hangeo
Berger just do not want the aged in the mother-in-law I applaud the hole towing
Put it into the refrigerator to work
Yeah gonna have happened three days one can see the breath
Yoreotge color is completely false teeth Chiyo For the soul dalrayo written a writer
So that stuck so different hanip hanip c've come out rolled wrote gapsa
Seo
More like a watch
Salt, soy sauce, soy sauce, a little neck on the line-up and
Zest very complex gamchil Tasty eng
And more to the point oh Are you kimchi and slept until Holmes is
I was so determined to go beyond you , so I finished the two kinds of kimchi.
The disparity rate
Let's review dongchimi and wreck 7
1 Citizens First Wash trimmed radishes are kept behind the salt evenly moistened with water
I put it in a container for about two days.
The candidate weights are punctured with salt water for a week or two.
Please prepare.
Pickled green pepper and safflower wrapped in a pickled box with pickled radish and ginger garlic
I put it through 105 of its own
Put a proper amount of sunshine on this and pour a small amount of salt water.
Finally, the plate is pressed for 5 days at room temperature, then refrigerated
Completion of Dongchimi 5
The kimchi is first dipped in cold water for 10 minutes,
Wash and prepare
Slice the onion garlic ginger thinly.
This year, pepper powder anchovy sauce chopped soy sauce sugar mix sesame seeds
Please make a spice mix with chalk, garlic, ginger and onion.
Finally Vala broke a 0-2 condiments show a lap behind its marks containing the bogwantong
Completion of the hatching if it is aged in the refrigerator
Prepare a health food table for your loved ones with Fei Wei Dongchimi
Please come
I will build my own mother-in- law and my mother-in- law any longer.
I've come to you, and I've made a nd teach.
Let Let's go out ah Well anyway
U
5 Where are you gonna do that anyway, for example, drinking carbonated water the tree only c
Uh, you have to catch me. I'm telling you.
Uh , yeah , even the standard there is , uh , my cursor is delicious.
So this is the last thing that does not happen . 4 This time ,
Why go to aquatic athlete's foot
You can use as many of these agents as you can.
I like it in the way that I write it in the rice
Ah ye
U 222
Ding fluid navigation jotjiyo
For another half-moon at all education establishments 4
I'm sure the idea of working together is great and good .
Cool and very neat
2 it's so far been revealed tomorrow May kimchi recipe together now
I'm not the last one . I want a big hit. I'll give you a warrior.
Thank you so much.
Next time, the aid of kimchi which is pervasive and popular
Packed with delicacy,
Toss to carry on gateun spice yieoganeun domestic soybean kalkalhan Leek Kimchi
Do not miss it.